docs/todo.md, before:

# Now

- Basic README
- Documentation
- Refactor gen, fn, etc to use compat.hasmeta

- santoku.lua for binding useful c-api functions
  for error checking, etc
- Support calling generators in a generic for
  loop
- template: allow `<%- ... %>` or similar to
  indicate that prefix should not be interpreted
- tuple equality: tup(1, 2) == tup(1, 2)
- stack.pop should accept "n"

- Add missing asserts

- Consider making async a submodule of gen, so
  gen.ivals():async():each(...) is possible

- Figure out the boundaries of gen, tuple, fun,
  async and vec.
  - fun: higher-order functions and functional
    helpers
  - async: implements async control flow with
    cogens and pcall
  - tuple: direct manipulation of varargs
  - gen: generators
  - vec: direct manipulation of vectors

- expand async: map, filter, etc.
    - What is needed in async, and what is
      already covered by cogen?

- Separate libraries for optional dependencies

- Allow async tests
- Test: tags don't always show up correctly when
  errors occur (e.g what should print "a: b: c"
  ends up printing just "c")

- Test: show failing line numbers

# Next

- 100% test coverage
- Complete inline TODOs

# Eventually

- Benchmark gen, tuple, vec

- Ensure we're using tail calls (return fn(...))

- os.getenv wrapper that fails if missing
- sqlite helper for automatically computing
  column names for inserts and updates
- Helper to reduce pairs of key/vals into a
  table
- gen.sum, vec.sum, etc

- Write a true generic PDF parser

- Table validation library

- Pwrap
    - Refactor and move to "check" module that
      exports a function with the following
      arguments:
        - Arg 1: function wrapping a body of
          code to execute that is passed a
          "maybe" function that when passed
          "true, ...", returns "..." and when
          passed "false, ..." calls the handler
          function
        - Arg 2: the handler function that
          causes the outer "check" to return
          "false, ..." by returns "false, ..."
          or causes the inner "maybe" to return
          "..." by returning "true, ..."
    - Any error thrown inside the body function
      causes "check" to return "false, ..."

- Create an assert module/function that
  stringifies the remaining arguments with ":"
  before passing to assert

- Functional utils for indexed arg
  get/set/del/map, filter, etc (basically
  immutable versions of vec/gen functions)

- Template nested skip/show blocks

- Add a "package" module to support checking if
  shell programs are installed and gracefully
  bailing if not. Futher extend to a generic
  project scripting tool

Commit message:

integrate santoku-makefile, temporarily merge library and cli

docs/todo.md, after:

# Now

- Basic README
- Documentation
- Refactor gen, fn, etc to use compat.hasmeta

- toku template excludes functionality is a bit confusing in that it excludes
  the file from being templated, but, when invoked via the command line, still
  copies it. First, this functionality should be the same whether invoked from
  the command line or from a library call, and second, instead, there should be
  a way to differentiate between files that should be totally excluded (neither
  templated nor copied) and files that should not be templated but still
  copied. Als

- santoku.lua for binding useful c-api functions
  for error checking, etc
- Support calling generators in a generic for
  loop
- template: allow `<%- ... %>` or similar to
  indicate that prefix should not be interpreted
- tuple equality: tup(1, 2) == tup(1, 2)
- stack.pop should accept "n"

- Add missing asserts

- Consider making async a submodule of gen, so
  gen.ivals():async():each(...) is possible

- Figure out the boundaries of gen, tuple, fun,
  async and vec.
  - fun: higher-order functions and functional
    helpers
  - async: implements async control flow with
    cogens and pcall
  - tuple: direct manipulation of varargs
  - gen: generators
  - vec: direct manipulation of vectors

- expand async: map, filter, etc.
    - What is needed in async, and what is
      already covered by cogen?

- Separate libraries for optional dependencies

- Allow async tests
- Test: tags don't always show up correctly when
  errors occur (e.g what should print "a: b: c"
  ends up printing just "c")

- Test: show failing line numbers

# Next

- 100% test coverage
- Complete inline TODOs

# Eventually

- Benchmark gen, tuple, vec

- Ensure we're using tail calls (return fn(...))

- os.getenv wrapper that fails if missing
- sqlite helper for automatically computing
  column names for inserts and updates
- Helper to reduce pairs of key/vals into a
  table
- gen.sum, vec.sum, etc

- Write a true generic PDF parser

- Table validation library

- Pwrap
    - Refactor and move to "check" module that
      exports a function with the following
      arguments:
        - Arg 1: function wrapping a body of
          code to execute that is passed a
          "maybe" function that when passed
          "true, ...", returns "..." and when
          passed "false, ..." calls the handler
          function
        - Arg 2: the handler function that
          causes the outer "check" to return
          "false, ..." by returns "false, ..."
          or causes the inner "maybe" to return
          "..." by returning "true, ..."
    - Any error thrown inside the body function
      causes "check" to return "false, ..."

- Create an assert module/function that
  stringifies the remaining arguments with ":"
  before passing to assert

- Functional utils for indexed arg
  get/set/del/map, filter, etc (basically
  immutable versions of vec/gen functions)

- Template nested skip/show blocks

- Add a "package" module to support checking if
  shell programs are installed and gracefully
  bailing if not. Futher extend to a generic
  project scripting tool
